# FreelancerAnalyser
## Coding standards to follow
 https://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html

## Branch Naming
All characters are lowercase, split each word with '-'

**Feature - For any feature**  
feature/short-description, Ex: feature/search-bar-interface 

**Test : Test branch for anything that don't need to be merged**  
test/short-task-description, Ex: test/button-on-right

## Commit message rules  
- First word of the commit must be a imperative verb
- The subject line must start with a capitalized character  

## Pull Request/Review Checklist
Always rebase with develop before creating the pull request

### Code
Before pull request :
- If a function seems to be too big, try to split it in multiple functions
- Check console in your IDE for errors (0 errors)
- Check console in your IDE for warnings (0 warnings)

Review :
- git Checkout the branch
- Check console for errors (0 errors)
- Check console for warnings (0 warnings)
- Review the code functionality and naming
- Verify if the pipeline passes for the branch

### Documentation
- Document all your classes and methods with Javadoc.
- This includes private methods and unit tests.
- Make sure all classes and methods include an @author tag.
- Don't forget to generate HTML Javadoc.

### Testing
- Create JUnit tests for all your classes
- You must have tests for every method in your controller and every controller action, as well as any additional classes you wrote
- Compute your test coverage with JaCoCo. You must have 100% test coverage of your classes, methods, and lines (excluding classes automatically generated by Play).
- Within a test, you can use .get()/.join() to wait for a result.
- Never call an external API from a unit test, use a mock class for testing instead. For testing your classes using a REST API, you must use either your own, factory-generated mock class (you can use Dependency Injection (DI) with the Google Guice library) or use the Mockito framework.
- Your unit tests must be properly designed by finding the equivalence classes and doing partition testing

